Minimum qualifications:
Pursuing a Bachelor's degree or post secondary or training experience with a focus on subjects in software development or other technical related fields.
Experience in software development and coding in two or more general purpose programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Python, etc.).
Experience with data structures or algorithms gathered from inside or outside of school or work.

Preferred qualifications:
Currently attending a degree program in the US and available to work full time for 12 weeks outside of university term time.
Returning to a degree program after completion of the internship.
Experience programming in three or more of the following languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Python or similar.
Experience with AI/ML, Infrastructure, web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.

About the job

Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Engineering Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal.

We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.

As a Software Engineering intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google's needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.

Software Engineering Intern:

As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google's needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.

Site Reliability Intern:

Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure.

Responsibilities
Create and support a team including working with peers, managers, and teams.
Develop scripts to automate routine tasks.
Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.
Apply knowledge gained in computer science courses to real world challenges.
