As a Software Engineer Intern, you'll work side-by-side with your mentor and teammates to build real-world applications that power a global trading firm. Your projects will be scoped based on your team's real needs — not hypothetical tasks — and your mentor will be fully invested in helping you build high-quality software that's designed to last. You'll contribute to meaningful projects solving trading problems and improving the performance, reliability, and scalability of our systems — and you'll see your code hit production in real time.

Optiver is building with cutting edge AI technology in the most competitive, data rich landscapes in the world: financial markets. That means no two days are the same, and every day brings new, exciting technical challenges to solve.

This opportunity is also available in our Austin office —
learn more and apply
.

What you'll do:

Our internship is designed for fast thinkers with a critical mindset and a drive to solve tough problems. You'll experience what it's like to be a full-time engineer at a leading trading firm – working on projects that push the limits of performance, efficiency, and real-world impact. Mentored by Optiver engineers, our program gives you the opportunity to:

Deep dive into trading fundamentals, from theoretical concepts to financial markets, strategies, AI-enabled tools and cutting-edge technology.
Collaborate closely with best-in-class engineers, traders, and business teams to develop, test, and ship your code to production.
Tackle complex, real-world problems to enhance your critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Push your limits and accelerate your growth in a fascinating and high-performing environment.
What you'll get:

You'll join a culture of collaboration and excellence, surrounded by curious thinkers and creative problem-solvers. Motivated by a passion for continuous improvement, you'll thrive in a supportive, high-performing environment alongside talented colleagues, collectively tackling some of the toughest challenges in the financial markets.

In addition, you'll receive:

The opportunity to work alongside best-in-class professionals from over 40 different countries
A highly-competitive internship compensation package
Optiver-covered flights, living accommodations, and commuting stipends
Extensive office perks, including breakfast, lunch and snacks, regular social events, clubs, sporting leagues and more
Who you are:

A student pursuing a bachelor's, master's, or PhD in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
On track to graduate between December 2027 to June 2028, with junior standing or higher
Passionate for writing clean code, well-architected systems, and continuous improvement
Proficient in coding languages such as C++, Python, or Java
A student with strong engineering instincts and a solid understanding of computer science fundamentals
Driven by an entrepreneurial mindset and curious about how tech powers the financial industry
A natural problem-solver with a sharp, analytical approach to tackling challenges
A collaborative teammate comfortable working with developers, traders and business teams
