What to Expect
Consider before submitting an application:

This position is expected to start in August or September 2026 and continue through December 2026. We ask for a minimum of 12 weeks, full-time and on-site, for most internships.

International Students: If your work authorization is through CPT, please consult your school on your ability to work 40 hours per week before applying. You must be able to work 40 hours per week on-site. Many students will be limited to part-time during the academic year.

The Internship Recruiting team is driven by the passion to recognize and develop emerging talent. Our year-round program places the best students in positions where they will grow technically, professionally, and personally through their experience working closely with their manager, mentor and peers. We are dedicated to providing an experience that allows the intern to experience life at Tesla by including them in projects that are critical to their team's success.

Location: Palo Alto, CA

About the Team

Tesla vehicles are becoming the world's most advanced autonomous robots, and bringing aboard top-notch talent helps us stay the course. As a Technical Recruiting Intern, you'll partner directly with engineering teams to identify, attract, and evaluate exceptional candidates for our Vehicle Software organization. From product security & red teaming, to UI development, firmware, and distributed systems, you'll scale the groups delivering an awesome in-car experience for owners and Robotaxi riders alike. While recruiting backgrounds are a plus, inherent curiosity, hunger to learn, and dependability matter more than anything — if this is you, don't miss a rare opportunity to shape the future of transportation from the inside.
What You'll Do
Creatively source high-quality technical candidates through LLMs, X, GitHub, LinkedIn Recruiter, Boolean searches, professional communities, and other niche platforms & approaches
Build robust hiring pipelines across a wide range of critical areas, guiding candidates through the full recruiting life cycle
Develop strong working relationships with recruiters, business leaders, and hiring managers
Gain a firm understanding of all recruiting processes in an environment that frequently changes
Focus on providing a positive candidate experience at every opportunity
What You'll Bring
Currently pursuing a degree in Communications, Business, Human Resources, or a related field
Available for a minimum of 12 weeks, onsite, full-time (32+ hours/week)
Self-starter who is intellectually curious, resourceful, innovative, adaptable, and comfortable taking initiative
Excellent written & verbal communication skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, etc.)
Basic proficiency with LLMs and other AI driven tools
Previous work experience or internships in a related field is a plus
